# KalturaLiveStatsEvent

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Bitrate** | Pointer to **int32** | bitrate used in the last 10 seconds | [optional] 
**BufferTime** | Pointer to **int32** | buffer time in seconds from the last 10 seconds | [optional] 
**DeliveryType** | Pointer to **string** | Enum Type: &#x60;KalturaPlaybackProtocol&#x60;  delivery type used for this stream | [optional] 
**EntryId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**EventIndex** | Pointer to **int32** | incremental sequence of the event | [optional] 
**EventType** | Pointer to **int32** | Enum Type: &#x60;KalturaLiveStatsEventType&#x60;  an integer representing the type of event being sent from the player | [optional] 
**IsLive** | Pointer to **bool** |  | [optional] 
**PartnerId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**Referrer** | Pointer to **string** | the referrer of the client | [optional] 
**SessionId** | Pointer to **string** | a unique string generated by the client that will represent the client-side session: the primary component will pass it on to other components that sprout from it | [optional] 
**StartTime** | Pointer to **string** | the event start time as string | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewKalturaLiveStatsEvent

`func NewKalturaLiveStatsEvent() *KalturaLiveStatsEvent`

NewKalturaLiveStatsEvent instantiates a new KalturaLiveStatsEvent object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewKalturaLiveStatsEventWithDefaults

`func NewKalturaLiveStatsEventWithDefaults() *KalturaLiveStatsEvent`

NewKalturaLiveStatsEventWithDefaults instantiates a new KalturaLiveStatsEvent object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetBitrate

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetBitrate() int32`

GetBitrate returns the Bitrate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBitrateOk

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetBitrateOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetBitrateOk returns a tuple with the Bitrate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBitrate

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) SetBitrate(v int32)`

SetBitrate sets Bitrate field to given value.

### HasBitrate

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) HasBitrate() bool`

HasBitrate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBufferTime

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetBufferTime() int32`

GetBufferTime returns the BufferTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBufferTimeOk

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetBufferTimeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetBufferTimeOk returns a tuple with the BufferTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBufferTime

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) SetBufferTime(v int32)`

SetBufferTime sets BufferTime field to given value.

### HasBufferTime

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) HasBufferTime() bool`

HasBufferTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDeliveryType

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetDeliveryType() string`

GetDeliveryType returns the DeliveryType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeliveryTypeOk

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetDeliveryTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDeliveryTypeOk returns a tuple with the DeliveryType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDeliveryType

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) SetDeliveryType(v string)`

SetDeliveryType sets DeliveryType field to given value.

### HasDeliveryType

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) HasDeliveryType() bool`

HasDeliveryType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEntryId

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetEntryId() string`

GetEntryId returns the EntryId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEntryIdOk

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetEntryIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEntryIdOk returns a tuple with the EntryId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEntryId

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) SetEntryId(v string)`

SetEntryId sets EntryId field to given value.

### HasEntryId

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) HasEntryId() bool`

HasEntryId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEventIndex

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetEventIndex() int32`

GetEventIndex returns the EventIndex field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEventIndexOk

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetEventIndexOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetEventIndexOk returns a tuple with the EventIndex field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEventIndex

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) SetEventIndex(v int32)`

SetEventIndex sets EventIndex field to given value.

### HasEventIndex

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) HasEventIndex() bool`

HasEventIndex returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEventType

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetEventType() int32`

GetEventType returns the EventType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEventTypeOk

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetEventTypeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetEventTypeOk returns a tuple with the EventType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEventType

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) SetEventType(v int32)`

SetEventType sets EventType field to given value.

### HasEventType

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) HasEventType() bool`

HasEventType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsLive

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetIsLive() bool`

GetIsLive returns the IsLive field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsLiveOk

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetIsLiveOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsLiveOk returns a tuple with the IsLive field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsLive

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) SetIsLive(v bool)`

SetIsLive sets IsLive field to given value.

### HasIsLive

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) HasIsLive() bool`

HasIsLive returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPartnerId

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetPartnerId() int32`

GetPartnerId returns the PartnerId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPartnerIdOk

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetPartnerIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetPartnerIdOk returns a tuple with the PartnerId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPartnerId

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) SetPartnerId(v int32)`

SetPartnerId sets PartnerId field to given value.

### HasPartnerId

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) HasPartnerId() bool`

HasPartnerId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReferrer

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetReferrer() string`

GetReferrer returns the Referrer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReferrerOk

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetReferrerOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReferrerOk returns a tuple with the Referrer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReferrer

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) SetReferrer(v string)`

SetReferrer sets Referrer field to given value.

### HasReferrer

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) HasReferrer() bool`

HasReferrer returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSessionId

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetSessionId() string`

GetSessionId returns the SessionId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSessionIdOk

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetSessionIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSessionIdOk returns a tuple with the SessionId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSessionId

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) SetSessionId(v string)`

SetSessionId sets SessionId field to given value.

### HasSessionId

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) HasSessionId() bool`

HasSessionId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStartTime

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetStartTime() string`

GetStartTime returns the StartTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStartTimeOk

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) GetStartTimeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStartTimeOk returns a tuple with the StartTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStartTime

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) SetStartTime(v string)`

SetStartTime sets StartTime field to given value.

### HasStartTime

`func (o *KalturaLiveStatsEvent) HasStartTime() bool`

HasStartTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


