# KalturaStatsEvent

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApplicationId** | Pointer to **string** | kaltura application name | [optional] 
**ClientVer** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**ContextId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**ControlId** | Pointer to **string** | the id of the GUI control - will be used in the future to better understand what the user clicked | [optional] 
**CurrentPoint** | Pointer to **int32** | the timestamp along the video when the event happend | [optional] 
**Duration** | Pointer to **int32** | the duration of the video in milliseconds - will make it much faster than quering the db for each entry | [optional] 
**EntryId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**EventTimestamp** | Pointer to **float32** | the client&#39;s timestamp of this event | [optional] 
**EventType** | Pointer to **int32** | Enum Type: &#x60;KalturaStatsEventType&#x60; | [optional] 
**FeatureType** | Pointer to **int32** | Enum Type: &#x60;KalturaStatsFeatureType&#x60; | [optional] 
**IsFirstInSession** | Pointer to **bool** | will indicate if the event is thrown for the first video in the session | [optional] 
**NewPoint** | Pointer to **int32** | timestamp of the new point on the timeline of the video after the user seeks | [optional] 
**PartnerId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**ProcessDuration** | Pointer to **int32** | the time in milliseconds the event took | [optional] 
**Referrer** | Pointer to **string** | the referrer of the client | [optional] 
**Seek** | Pointer to **bool** | true if the user ever used seek in this session | [optional] 
**SessionId** | Pointer to **string** | a unique string generated by the client that will represent the client-side session: the primary component will pass it on to other components that sprout from it | [optional] 
**UiconfId** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] 
**UniqueViewer** | Pointer to **string** | the UV cookie - creates in the operational system and should be passed on ofr every event | [optional] 
**UserId** | Pointer to **string** | the partner&#39;s user id | [optional] 
**UserIp** | Pointer to **string** | &#x60;readOnly&#x60;  will be retrieved from the request of the user | [optional] [readonly] 
**WidgetId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewKalturaStatsEvent

`func NewKalturaStatsEvent() *KalturaStatsEvent`

NewKalturaStatsEvent instantiates a new KalturaStatsEvent object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewKalturaStatsEventWithDefaults

`func NewKalturaStatsEventWithDefaults() *KalturaStatsEvent`

NewKalturaStatsEventWithDefaults instantiates a new KalturaStatsEvent object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetApplicationId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetApplicationId() string`

GetApplicationId returns the ApplicationId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetApplicationIdOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetApplicationIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetApplicationIdOk returns a tuple with the ApplicationId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetApplicationId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetApplicationId(v string)`

SetApplicationId sets ApplicationId field to given value.

### HasApplicationId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasApplicationId() bool`

HasApplicationId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetClientVer

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetClientVer() string`

GetClientVer returns the ClientVer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClientVerOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetClientVerOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClientVerOk returns a tuple with the ClientVer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClientVer

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetClientVer(v string)`

SetClientVer sets ClientVer field to given value.

### HasClientVer

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasClientVer() bool`

HasClientVer returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetContextId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetContextId() int32`

GetContextId returns the ContextId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetContextIdOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetContextIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetContextIdOk returns a tuple with the ContextId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetContextId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetContextId(v int32)`

SetContextId sets ContextId field to given value.

### HasContextId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasContextId() bool`

HasContextId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetControlId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetControlId() string`

GetControlId returns the ControlId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetControlIdOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetControlIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetControlIdOk returns a tuple with the ControlId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetControlId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetControlId(v string)`

SetControlId sets ControlId field to given value.

### HasControlId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasControlId() bool`

HasControlId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCurrentPoint

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetCurrentPoint() int32`

GetCurrentPoint returns the CurrentPoint field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrentPointOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetCurrentPointOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCurrentPointOk returns a tuple with the CurrentPoint field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrentPoint

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetCurrentPoint(v int32)`

SetCurrentPoint sets CurrentPoint field to given value.

### HasCurrentPoint

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasCurrentPoint() bool`

HasCurrentPoint returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDuration

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetDuration() int32`

GetDuration returns the Duration field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDurationOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetDurationOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetDurationOk returns a tuple with the Duration field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDuration

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetDuration(v int32)`

SetDuration sets Duration field to given value.

### HasDuration

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasDuration() bool`

HasDuration returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEntryId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetEntryId() string`

GetEntryId returns the EntryId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEntryIdOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetEntryIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEntryIdOk returns a tuple with the EntryId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEntryId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetEntryId(v string)`

SetEntryId sets EntryId field to given value.

### HasEntryId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasEntryId() bool`

HasEntryId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEventTimestamp

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetEventTimestamp() float32`

GetEventTimestamp returns the EventTimestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEventTimestampOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetEventTimestampOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetEventTimestampOk returns a tuple with the EventTimestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEventTimestamp

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetEventTimestamp(v float32)`

SetEventTimestamp sets EventTimestamp field to given value.

### HasEventTimestamp

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasEventTimestamp() bool`

HasEventTimestamp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEventType

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetEventType() int32`

GetEventType returns the EventType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEventTypeOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetEventTypeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetEventTypeOk returns a tuple with the EventType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEventType

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetEventType(v int32)`

SetEventType sets EventType field to given value.

### HasEventType

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasEventType() bool`

HasEventType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFeatureType

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetFeatureType() int32`

GetFeatureType returns the FeatureType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFeatureTypeOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetFeatureTypeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetFeatureTypeOk returns a tuple with the FeatureType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFeatureType

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetFeatureType(v int32)`

SetFeatureType sets FeatureType field to given value.

### HasFeatureType

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasFeatureType() bool`

HasFeatureType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsFirstInSession

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetIsFirstInSession() bool`

GetIsFirstInSession returns the IsFirstInSession field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsFirstInSessionOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetIsFirstInSessionOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsFirstInSessionOk returns a tuple with the IsFirstInSession field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsFirstInSession

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetIsFirstInSession(v bool)`

SetIsFirstInSession sets IsFirstInSession field to given value.

### HasIsFirstInSession

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasIsFirstInSession() bool`

HasIsFirstInSession returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNewPoint

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetNewPoint() int32`

GetNewPoint returns the NewPoint field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNewPointOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetNewPointOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetNewPointOk returns a tuple with the NewPoint field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNewPoint

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetNewPoint(v int32)`

SetNewPoint sets NewPoint field to given value.

### HasNewPoint

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasNewPoint() bool`

HasNewPoint returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPartnerId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetPartnerId() int32`

GetPartnerId returns the PartnerId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPartnerIdOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetPartnerIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetPartnerIdOk returns a tuple with the PartnerId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPartnerId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetPartnerId(v int32)`

SetPartnerId sets PartnerId field to given value.

### HasPartnerId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasPartnerId() bool`

HasPartnerId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProcessDuration

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetProcessDuration() int32`

GetProcessDuration returns the ProcessDuration field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProcessDurationOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetProcessDurationOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetProcessDurationOk returns a tuple with the ProcessDuration field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProcessDuration

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetProcessDuration(v int32)`

SetProcessDuration sets ProcessDuration field to given value.

### HasProcessDuration

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasProcessDuration() bool`

HasProcessDuration returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReferrer

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetReferrer() string`

GetReferrer returns the Referrer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReferrerOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetReferrerOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReferrerOk returns a tuple with the Referrer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReferrer

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetReferrer(v string)`

SetReferrer sets Referrer field to given value.

### HasReferrer

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasReferrer() bool`

HasReferrer returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSeek

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetSeek() bool`

GetSeek returns the Seek field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSeekOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetSeekOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSeekOk returns a tuple with the Seek field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSeek

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetSeek(v bool)`

SetSeek sets Seek field to given value.

### HasSeek

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasSeek() bool`

HasSeek returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSessionId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetSessionId() string`

GetSessionId returns the SessionId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSessionIdOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetSessionIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSessionIdOk returns a tuple with the SessionId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSessionId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetSessionId(v string)`

SetSessionId sets SessionId field to given value.

### HasSessionId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasSessionId() bool`

HasSessionId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUiconfId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetUiconfId() int32`

GetUiconfId returns the UiconfId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUiconfIdOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetUiconfIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetUiconfIdOk returns a tuple with the UiconfId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUiconfId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetUiconfId(v int32)`

SetUiconfId sets UiconfId field to given value.

### HasUiconfId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasUiconfId() bool`

HasUiconfId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUniqueViewer

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetUniqueViewer() string`

GetUniqueViewer returns the UniqueViewer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUniqueViewerOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetUniqueViewerOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUniqueViewerOk returns a tuple with the UniqueViewer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUniqueViewer

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetUniqueViewer(v string)`

SetUniqueViewer sets UniqueViewer field to given value.

### HasUniqueViewer

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasUniqueViewer() bool`

HasUniqueViewer returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUserId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetUserId() string`

GetUserId returns the UserId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserIdOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetUserIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUserIdOk returns a tuple with the UserId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUserId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetUserId(v string)`

SetUserId sets UserId field to given value.

### HasUserId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasUserId() bool`

HasUserId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUserIp

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetUserIp() string`

GetUserIp returns the UserIp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserIpOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetUserIpOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUserIpOk returns a tuple with the UserIp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUserIp

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetUserIp(v string)`

SetUserIp sets UserIp field to given value.

### HasUserIp

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasUserIp() bool`

HasUserIp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetWidgetId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetWidgetId() string`

GetWidgetId returns the WidgetId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWidgetIdOk

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) GetWidgetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetWidgetIdOk returns a tuple with the WidgetId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWidgetId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) SetWidgetId(v string)`

SetWidgetId sets WidgetId field to given value.

### HasWidgetId

`func (o *KalturaStatsEvent) HasWidgetId() bool`

HasWidgetId returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


